


Explain your experience about Customer experience and Customer Infrastructure.

What are the UCS Manager Versions you worked.

How HA in UCS manager(fabric interconnect).(active/passive   and active/active   need to explain)

What is the flex pod.    (it is a integrated solution of cisco and netapp storage and it is a pre-designed and tested solution)

What is the Port channel?  (port channel will be configured between Fex [nothing but iom(input output module in blade chassis)] and FI
							also we can configure between ethernet uplink ports in FI to north bound switches example nxos-5000 or NXOS-7000)
							by configuring portchannel we will achive redundancy,loadbalance
How FI is configured.      (fresh deployment of FI from scratch by using setup command)

What is service profile and what does it contain?                it is a template which contains the setting to configure blade or rack server
																 after creating we will associate to blade or rack server using UCSM gui
																 it acts as logical server (what we did configuration will be applied to physical server )
																 if we did de-association then physical server comeout from all configured settings and the same 
																 service profile we can assign to another server
																 it contains,nic,hba,mac,mgmt ip,booting policy,maintenance policy,bios info,raid policy etc
How do you prepare project plan of UCSM and Vsphere Up gradation.
   esxi upgrade is very important ,go through vmware update manager video
What are the issues faced while upgrading Esxi host.?
What are the Migration Issues?         
Diff b/w standard and DB switches.      
Vmkernel uplink failed.. do Vm’s will communicate outside or not?
Diff b/w HA and FT.
Explain FT backend architecture
If Ft enabled Esxi post recovery. What will be the status of the VM.


) How does Cisco UCS differ from traditional Infrastructure?

2) Working of HA in Cisco UCS and Fabric Interconnect.

3) Do VMs will ping with each other if uplink port is down?

4) What is VMware Kernel?

5) How does Ping command work ?

6) What is VIC and difference between CNA & VIC ?


8) Configuration of Boot from SAN in service profile

what hyperconverged inftrastructure

how ping protocol works?

